Sometimes your pivot tables might have some errors like the division by zero error,
for example,
and you could have this air because one of the values here had a division by zero air on
your data set here.
So one of the values on the sales amount had a division by zero error,
for example,
so to deal with that error or to change how it would look on your pivot table instead of
this ugly Dave error,
you can right click on your pivot table and then go to pivot table options and then under
layout and format,
here we get for air values show,
and then you can just check that check box and then write the value that you need to
display instead of the error.
So you could write a zero,
for example,
or you could write the word error and press OK.
And as you can see here now,
the word there appears instead of division by zero.
Or you can also change it to a certain number such a zero,
for example,
press OK and you can see here it's been changed to a zero,
so this is how you can change how air values look on your pivot table